{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red221\green221\blue225;\red94\green93\blue104;\red29\green29\blue31;
\red202\green202\blue202;\red202\green202\blue207;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c89412\c89412\c90588;\cssrgb\c44314\c44314\c48235;\cssrgb\c15294\c15294\c16471;
\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c84706;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c5098;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Home: Conversion Router\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf3 \strokec3 Desktop-optimized landing page featuring a three-step selector (Condition -> State -> City). Includes a 'Price Heatmap' of the US and quick-links to popular cities. The focus is navigation, not education.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf3 \cb4 2
\fs22 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 National Cost Index\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf3 \strokec3 A comprehensive table showing median price ranges for Stem Cell injections across 10 orthopedic conditions (Knee, Hip, Spine, etc.). Includes a 'Price Driver' sidebar explaining why costs vary (cell source, imaging).\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf3 \cb4 3
\fs22 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Knee Stem Cell Cost Guide\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf3 \strokec3 Specific breakdown for knee treatments. Features a price range bar (Min/Median/Max), list of factors affecting knee injection costs, and a 'Find Knee Clinics' CTA.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf3 \cb4 4
\fs22 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Knee Clinic Results (Los Angeles)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf3 \strokec3 A filtered list of clinics in LA offering knee treatments. Prioritizes 'Featured' clinics and those with 'Published Prices'. Includes distance from city center and a prominent 'Call Now' button.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf3 \cb4 5
\fs22 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Clinic Profile (Knee Context)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf3 \strokec3 Full clinic details: address, verified conditions, doctor credentials, and a specific 'Knee Pricing' section. Primary action is a sticky 'Call Clinic' sidebar.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf3 \cb4 6
\fs22 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 California State Directory\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf3 \strokec3 A map-heavy page showing clinic density across California. Groups clinics by city (LA, SF, SD) with average city-wide price indicators.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf3 \cb4 7
\fs22 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Los Angeles General Directory\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf3 \strokec3 A list of all clinics in LA regardless of condition. Features sorting by 'Price Transparency' and 'Distance'. Each card shows top 3 conditions treated.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf3 \cb4 8
\fs22 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Clinic Profile (General Context)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf3 \strokec3 Individual clinic page reached via location search. Highlights the physical proximity, business hours, and general price disclosure status.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf3 \cb4 9
\fs22 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Mexico Medical Tourism Comparison\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf3 \strokec3 A side-by-side comparison of US vs. Mexico costs. Includes travel trade-off checklists (flights, recovery time) and a directory of vetted international clinics.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf6 \cb4 \strokec6 10
\fs22 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \cb7 \strokec2 Mexico International Clinic Profile\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf3 \cb7 \strokec3 Detailed profile for a Mexico-based clinic. Includes 'Travel Package' info (shuttles, hotels) and international price ranges in USD.\cb1 \
}